added Performance and Capacity dashboard (#6179)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/databases/opentelemetry/redis-opentelemetry.md

<img src='https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Redis-OpenTelemetry/Redis-Command-Stats-Deltas.png' alt="Redis Command Stats Delta dashboards" />

### Performance and Capacity

> The **Redis - Performance and Capacity** dashboard provides an at-a-glance view of the Redis Performance metrics and resource limits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Redis – Performance and Capacity dashboard provides at-a-glance view of key Redis performance metrics and resource limits. 

This dashboard offers detailed insights into command latency analysis, execution time tracking, memory consumption patterns, and capacity limits, enabling teams to monitor performance, optimize resource usage, and proactively prevent capacity-related issues.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
